src/introduction/README.md, before:

<a href="https://www.core-code.io/">

![alt text](https://uploads-ssl.webflow.com/5eb2f56932c3562feab232e3/5f73550d00249e7e96c9f3de_Logo.png "corecodeio")

</a>

<h1 align="center">Introduction</h1>

<p>Welcome 🙋‍♂️🙋‍♀️, this will be our first week together, you will see that this week will be very different from the other weeks, we will be getting to know each other, installing the necessary tools, learning about some interesting topics making courses and attending to standups, and doing exercises to improve our skills. Feel confident to ask anything that causes you doubt, we encourage you to take a tour of the guide and start this code journey with great enthusiasm.
</p>

<h1 align="center">What are we developing</h1>

<p>During all the time we will be developing an <a href="https://www.shopify.com/encyclopedia/what-is-ecommerce#:~:text=Ecommerce%2C%20also%20known%20as%20electronic,data%20to%20execute%20these%20transactions." target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">e-commerce application (B2C)</a>, starting with the <a href="https://www.techopedia.com/definition/29569/front-end-developer" target="_blank">Front-End</a> (Week 1 to 5) and then the <a href="https://www.techopedia.com/definition/29568/back-end-developer" target="_blank">Back-End</a> (Week 6 to 17), we will have the dynamics in which a session will be given code and then have time to work on the project. To know which section of the project will be working each week, you can refer to the <a href="../../README.md#3-technologies">Technologies</a> seccion in the main page of the guide, where you will find the technology and what is expected for the corresponding week.</p>

## 1. Week links (Installations) 🔗
1. [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
2. [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)
3. [Java](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javase-jdk8-downloads.html)
4. [Spring Tools](https://spring.io/tools)
5. [Postman](https://www.postman.com/)

## 2. Week links (Courses and videos) 🔗
1. [SCRUM](https://big-agile.teachable.com/p/certificacion-de-scrum-fundamentals)
2. [Git](https://www.udacity.com/course/version-control-with-git--ud123)
3. [Clean Code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EmboKQH8lM&t=679s&ab_channel=UnityCoin)

Commit message:

Adding the challenges to week 1

src/introduction/README.md, after:

<a href="https://www.core-code.io/">

![alt text](https://uploads-ssl.webflow.com/5eb2f56932c3562feab232e3/5f73550d00249e7e96c9f3de_Logo.png "corecodeio")

</a>

<h1 align="center">Introduction</h1>

<p>Welcome 🙋‍♂️🙋‍♀️, this will be our first week together, you will see that this week will be very different from the other weeks, we will be getting to know each other, installing the necessary tools, learning about some interesting topics making courses and attending to standups, and doing exercises to improve our skills. Feel confident to ask anything that causes you doubt, we encourage you to take a tour of the guide and start this code journey with great enthusiasm.
</p>

<h1 align="center">What are we developing</h1>

<p>During all the time we will be developing an <a href="https://www.shopify.com/encyclopedia/what-is-ecommerce#:~:text=Ecommerce%2C%20also%20known%20as%20electronic,data%20to%20execute%20these%20transactions." target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">e-commerce application (B2C)</a>, starting with the <a href="https://www.techopedia.com/definition/29569/front-end-developer" target="_blank">Front-End</a> (Week 1 to 5) and then the <a href="https://www.techopedia.com/definition/29568/back-end-developer" target="_blank">Back-End</a> (Week 6 to 17), we will have the dynamics in which a session will be given code and then have time to work on the project. To know which section of the project will be working each week, you can refer to the <a href="../../README.md#3-technologies">Technologies</a> seccion in the main page of the guide, where you will find the technology and what is expected for the corresponding week.</p>

## 1. Week challenges 💻
1. [Filling an array (part 1)](https://www.codewars.com/kata/571d42206414b103dc0006a1)
2. [How much water do I need?](https://www.codewars.com/kata/575fa9afee048b293e000287)
3. [Quarter of the year](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5ce9c1000bab0b001134f5af)
4. [L1: Bartender, drinks!](https://www.codewars.com/kata/568dc014440f03b13900001d)

## 2. Week links (Installations) 🔗
1. [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
2. [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/)
3. [Java](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javase-jdk8-downloads.html)
4. [Spring Tools](https://spring.io/tools)
5. [Postman](https://www.postman.com/)

## 3. Week links (Courses and videos) 🔗
1. [SCRUM](https://big-agile.teachable.com/p/certificacion-de-scrum-fundamentals)
2. [Git](https://www.udacity.com/course/version-control-with-git--ud123)
3. [Clean Code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EmboKQH8lM&t=679s&ab_channel=UnityCoin)
